Characteristics/fields: 
studentID             :Complete
professorID           :Complete
proctorID             :Complete
testID                :Complete
seatNum
student first name    :Complete
student last name     :Complete
professor first name  :Complete
professor last name   :Complete
proctor first name    :Complete
proctor last name     :Complete
student email         :Complete
professor email       :in progress
student phone number  :Complete
proctor phone number  :in progress
professor phone number:in progress
subject
course

location              :Complete
university            :Complete
date                  :in progress
time                  :in progress
scheduled work time
time in
time out
time open
time closed
days open
days closed
total capacity
available computers
available seats
test result         :Complete
test duration       :in progress
test file           :Complete
test type           :Complete
